to another episode of Between Sermons.
I'm the host, Brent and the lead pastor here at Disciples Church.
And we get to continue our conversation from Sunday, turn in the monologue on the stage to an actual dialogue.
This might be like a glimpse into what should be happening all over Chicagoland in small groups as we just kind of dive into the word.
But we get to do that with the guy that actually did the preaching.
But before we introduce him,
Tisha Beasley, co-host extraordinaire.
How are you doing this morning?
Man, I'm well.
I'm a little tired, but I'm here.
You had a lot of church, yes.
I had a lot of church.
We went from church to church.
Well, I went from church to soccer to church.
No.
You just went from church to church.
Yeah, from church to church to church.
And that was four services that I did yesterday.
But first of all, we're here.
Ready for more?
Ready for more.
Oliver again.
How do you feel?
Listen, what is your title?
Child of the King.
Yes, amen.
Servant, servant, servant.
That's my title.
Amen.
I'm ready.
I mean, it was a lot.
I mean, yesterday was drinking from a fire hose for me, or at least trying to get everyone else to drink from a fire hose, because it was 30 scriptures that were full.
of things that you just can't cover.
Yeah, isn't it so sad when you know that you're not saying something?
And you just got to balance like, OK, I just hope people go and dig in more.
I always want to give a disclaimer, though.
I always want to say, I know I'm not going to talk about certain things.
And that's the reason why we have to go to the word ourselves.
Preach too hard.
Yeah.
Sorry.
Get you up here early in the morning.
It's all good.
I'm ready though.
I'm excited.
I love this kind of conversation too.
It can bring out some of the nuance that you can't always do on the on a pulpit.
Yeah.
And the stuff that you had to leave on the cutting room floor podcast time and you can you can scrape those those pieces up.
We're still only here for so long, though.
Let's let's be clear.
Look, I got a flight at like three forty today.
It's only nine twenty two.
So Jesus, I got time.
You got time over some Starbucks here.
So.
But let's dive in.
But before we dive in, how are you guys enjoying this unpacking of Luke?
I think it's been fantastic.
It doesn't seem like we're just.
You definitely can feel that we're resting in Luke, but it doesn't feel like a mundane task.
It feels like very educational for me.
But what?
Yeah, very educational.
I'm learning a lot that I wouldn't have learned if I didn't take time to walk through.
How about you guys?
I mean, I agree.
I think as someone who grew up in church and all of that stuff, it's good to slow down and go back to the places that you thought you knew.
And then you say, wow, I've never seen that.
And that's the beauty of scripture and the beauty of the Holy Spirit is that he'll illuminate the word and it'll be a word or phrase or something that you thought you understood, but you see it in a context differently.
You're like, wait a minute, I never heard it like that.
And so then when you have someone actually preaching it and you get their perspective, you're like, I didn't know that.
And so it's been really refreshing to me to slow down and you kind of know
what the next episode is, but you don't know how you're going to get there.
That's kind of what it feels like.
Yeah.
I agree.
It's been fun for me.
So far, we're four messages in.
I preached two of them, and I got to just sit and listen to two of them.
And I don't know, man.
I don't know which version I learned more.
So doing the research to prepare the message, you're digging into commentaries, you're digging into stuff.
I bought resources that I've never had before just to try and get that depth in Luke.
And so like I'm learning a ton in that moment, but then like just sitting there, like you were highlighting things that even in my research, like I was like, oh, cool move on on.
And I like to talk to you after the first service.
I was like, man, I love that you took that perspective on it because it was an area that I wasn't paying attention to.
And I think that's what's cool for me is the stuff that even somebody that's trying to pay attention to everything happening in loop, like you're still missing stuff.
That's why we can reread it.
every year and still gain information and gain knowledge.
So I thought that was cool.
Yeah.
I definitely love the Bible.
Sorry, we do have some destruction happening above us.
So if you hear some weird noises, that's that's not Tyesha's stomach rumbling.
It is probably a little bit.
Weird how your stomach sounds like a hammer and nails.
Man, isn't it?
It's pretty impressive.
That fruit and grass diet I'm on.
I love that your plan was to ignore the noise and pretend like it wasn't there.
And my plan was just to address it, just to throw it out there.
I love how it was not bad before we started.
And then we started.
Yeah.
And all of a sudden.
Right.
I've been hanging out here for like a half an hour and there was never a hammer.
All of a sudden.
It's a sermon.
No, right.
Okay.
So no, I really do love that we get to explore the Bible in a different way.
So I'm very excited.
And I've heard several members say like, this is something they enjoy as well.
So yeah.
So Pastor Jason.
Yeah.
Give us a little summary.
Don't go into deep, deep.
I won't.
Okay, but give us a little summary for those who didn't have an opportunity to sit in the message, who maybe just jumped right into this episode, and they're like, okay, what are we talking about?
So I think the big picture is that Luke is telling here, the sovereignty of God is at work in different places, different times, different people, one plan.
And so he uses these different individuals and their stories to all converge into the temple at the same time for all of them to have some answer that they were looking for.
And so it was just interesting to see how, again, different stories, different situations, but they were all in the same timeline for God to say, yeah, I'm orchestrating this.
I'm not just reacting to what's happening like you are.
whether it's Mary and Joseph just obeying just because this is what the law says, Simeon and Anna working through life, trusting in the constellation of Israel, the comfort coming and not knowing when or where.
And then Jesus just being so focused even at 12 years old on his purpose and being clear on his purpose, all of those things happen at the temple and all of those things converge.
So it's about the sovereignty of God, the hand of God,
but our participation in it, and we do have some participation in it.
Sovereignty of God.
That's just favorite subject now.
I did not know that.
Yes.
OK, I did not know that.
But yeah.
Fine conversation, I'll just play.
I actually want to start at the top.
Yeah.
Because it kind of talks about Mary and Joseph being obedient, taking baby Jesus to be sacrificed.
That was kind of a new point I had read or realized that that even happened.
Was this like a baby dedication?
What was this?
Yeah, essentially it was a baby dedication.
When you go back and you look at Exodus 13, Leviticus 12, within the law, there were very strict, for lack of a better word, there were instructions on what to do after the birth of a child.
If the child was a male, there were specific instructions.
If it was a female specific instructions, then the type of offering that you would bring specific instructions, turtle doves and a lamb.
Also when I just lost my train of thought.
It's okay.
You're allowed to on this episode.
All of that.
There was all of these specific instructions.
Oh, you have to present the male.
That's what I'm missing.
So there was also presenting presenting the child.
to the priest and it was kind of a parallel to what happened with the Levites.
So before the Levites, before the priest, the priesthood, the tribe of the priesthood, everyone would bring the first male of whether it was their child or a lamb or whatever.
And so they would present that to the Lord as an offering.
Well, over time, God said, hey, I'm gonna use the Levites
to be kind of my presentation, my special offering to me.
You all just do it symbolically by bringing the mail and then you what happened they instituted an offering.
So you just pay an offering to redeem the mail back.
And so all of that was wrapped into that mosaic law.
So they were just following
all of those instructions to the T and it was a lot of them, you know?
It's pretty cool because it's basically it's recognition that this child belongs to God.
And I have to pay a sacrifice.
I've got to give this lamb.
I've got to give these turtle doves as a way to redeem, to buy back, which is a theme all throughout scripture, the redemption of the people.
But it's yeah, it's really cool even for like modern day, like recognizing like my kids
are really God's kids.
And I'm the parent, but I'm really the steward of this gift that God has entrusted to me.
So we don't have to, I know you said the mosaic law.
So this is something as believers today, we don't have to follow.
Cause I know, you know, those new believers are like, okay.
Man, I don't even know where to buy a turtle duff.
What is a turtle duff?
What is it?
It's a turtle that looks like a turtle.
You know, those, you know, those birds that they usually release at weddings or release at funerals.
Those are turtle doves.
It's it's it's think about the like pigeons, but the nice version of the smaller doves and pigeons in that scripture.
Two different animals.
OK. Yeah.
Turtle doves are the nice versions of the birds, the pretty ones, the ones that you see.
in pictures.
Pigeons are rats with wings.
Rats with wings.
Okay.
We'll go with that.
But turtle doves are doves.
Why don't we have to follow the Mosaic law anymore?
Jesus fulfilled all of that law.
And so through Jesus, in Jesus, all of that is fulfilled.
really for us, it's about our obedience to God and what the Holy Spirit is saying.
It's our adherence to what the Word of God says, more so in the Word of God.
So the Mosaic law was already fulfilled in Jesus, that's why.
And we're still held accountable to the moral law.
Yeah.
And part of that is the moral law is what we see God judging nations outside of Israel for.
Like when when they break moral code, God sends wrath and judgment against them.
And so for all time, all people are held to the same moral standard.
But the ceremony like you never see God punishing a nation outside of Israel for not following ceremonial law or civil law, but moral law.
Yes.
So them not bringing the lamb.
kind of signifies.
It's such a weird podcast, by the way, because of the hammering.
Yeah.
I'm trying to think about the sovereignty of God at this moment.
And why?
What's funny is like, I have no idea what the mic is picking up.
Like, how am I?
Right.
Like, that is so loud in the room that it's got to be wreaking havoc.
My apologies to our audio editors are going to have to try and clean this up somehow.
It's going to be awesome.
I pray for you.
The Lord is with you.
So I remember, I will not remember.
I read that passage and it talked about they presented turtle does because they couldn't afford to present the lamp.
But I like how you unpack that in your message, how you said they actually did have the lamp.
Okay, explain it, because I don't want it to go over people's hands.
So your offering was related to your economic status.
Having a lamb mean that you can afford to have what we consider a more expensive animal.
You could say it like that.
And then you also have to present a turtle dove or a pigeon.
When you were not able to present the lamb, which meant you had more money, there was the ability within the law to present another pigeon or a turtle dove.
And so Mary and Joseph, because of their economic status, could only present a pigeon and a turtle dove.
But the irony is they had no clue that they were actually bringing the lamb to present to God and they were redeeming back from God, the lamb of God.
And so to me, it signals that when we obey, there are things that are so beyond our understanding.
That's why it's just good to say, if God said so, I'm gonna do it.
I mean, I understand it.
but there's something bigger at hand that he may be involving me in.
So they were presenting the most righteous, most pure, most clean lamb that anyone in history has ever presented at the altar.
So that was a point that I slipped in there, but it was just so ironic that they had no clue.
They were supposed to have some clue.
They had some clue, but they had no real understanding of the lamb and the value
that he represented when they was presenting him.
So that was the point.
I just had to slip it in and keep going.
I feel like we're going back to the Christmas Carol, Mary, did you know?
Yeah.
So how much did she know?
Did she know he was the Lamb of God?
I don't know.
No, I don't think she knew he was the Lamb of God.
I don't remember in first chapter that being revealed to her in that way.
So it was at least my recollection was beyond her understanding.
She knew that he would be called the Son of God.
but I don't think she knew that he was the lamb that would be slain.
I don't think she knew that.
Until Simeon's age, a sword is going to pierce your soul, but she didn't even understand it then.
Anyway, that's another subject.
It's just these things that are beyond our understanding and that's why we just, just if God says so, he knows and is considering things that we just are beyond us.
And so scripture says that
God's ways are higher than our ways.
His thoughts are higher than our thoughts.
And it later says that as the heavens, as far as the heavens are from the earth, that's how vast it is.
And so if you're thinking about the heavens, we're not just thinking about the sky.
We're thinking about the galaxies, whatever that amounts to.
I don't even know the number of light years.
That's how vast God's understanding of things is from our understanding.
That was that.
That's just what I picked up just in that section.
Like, man, I don't know anything compared to God.
I knew that, but it just kind of underscored it for me.
Well, I love the it's a it's a old pre-tree phrase, but the whole my understanding is not a prerequisite for my obedience.
Yeah.
And like sometimes, you know, we want to know all the details and all the wise and how everything connects.
And sometimes like, can you just trust me?
Yeah.
Shout out to Justin, a keyboardist at the church.
Got me a hat yesterday that says, because God said so.
Yeah.
Come on, man.
Come on.
We're not getting bracelets, by the way.
I want to announce that.
I didn't tell nobody to get bracelets.
I don't know, because you mentioned it in your first sermon, if we could get
Instead of what we did, it was like, well, now I got to get bracelets.
We don't have to get bracelets.
No bracelets.
I got the hat now.
So I thought you would want some bracelets.
I thought you were going.
Do I look like a bracelet?
I don't know.
I didn't know.
OK, OK, you get creative every once in a while.
So I was tying it into OK, WWJB bracelets.
So I we use the word what we see in scripture, which I.
This was something that was actually profound to me as well.
I didn't realize that Luke started the chapter with so much prophetic word.
What is prophecy for those who haven't been churched?
They're not churched.
They like, you keep saying this word.
It was prophesied.
It was this, let's break that down.
What is prophetic word?
What is prophecy?
Well, I'll give my quick definition and then the theologian.
OK, you can unpack it.
Yes.
So for me, prophecy by definition is either fourth telling or four telling.
So either telling the heart and mind of God about what's happening now or what he's thinking or what he's saying, but also for telling what he will do or is going or is going to do.
And so.
without it being too mystical, it's someone who can say that, who actually is hearing from God about what he's saying now, doing now, or what he will do.
And so most of what we see in the Old Testament, I think you see both, actually, you see both.
But most of what people think about is forth telling, what God is going to do in the future and things like that.
So that's how I look at it.
You know, that's the theological definition.
Yeah, foretelling, foretelling, what God is saying in the moment, but also what God is saying for the future.
And yeah, in the Old Testament, those are interwoven, because a lot of times the explanation of why God is doing this in the future is found in what's he revealing right now.
So it's like insight from God declared through people.
And so in the Bible, there's both prophets and just
rain of people who prophesy.
Right.
And like the difference there would be like a prophet is this is what they do all day long.
Like it's just like there's there's all the major and minor prophets books written about them and their prophetic words.
Like they were constantly getting these revelations and they're they're sharing them.
But then you also have moments where Zachariah prophesies.
Yeah.
But Zachariah wasn't listed as a prophet.
But God spoke through him.
And so we kind of see the same thing today.
where there are people who I think that they rightfully have the title of profit because it's the gift that they operate in.
Prophet Dennis Kramer that we have come through here all the time.
It's just a guy that just operates in the prophetic.
But you can also be an altar worker praying for somebody and God gives you a word right then.
Does that mean you need to go get a new business car that says profit?
No, please don't.
I highly encourage you not to.
So yeah, and that's the only distinction that I would give is like there is an office of a profit, but then there's also like Paul wants all to prophesy.
So yeah.
It's OK. You teach classes on how to prophesy.
Man, now you're getting into the weird area.
This is going to be rough.
So here's why I have to tread carefully.
I know people who have done prophecy classes and prophetic classes, and I think that it can become a dangerous, complicated area, a slippery slope, as it will.
I think that there are guidelines that could be taught to people, like, hey, here's what you don't do.
But I think it's dangerous to sometimes give people
fake or forced or pretend prophecies.
And I think the prophetic is one of those areas where fake it till you make it does not apply.
And so I've seen some prophetic classes where there's like, hey, if you give 100 false prophecies, that's okay, you're learning.
And I'm like, in the Bible, if you gave one false prophecy, you were stoned to death.
So a hundred and it's OK doesn't seem very biblical to me.
So it's like it's it's it that's for me.
That's where it's like I got a hard time.
Yeah.
But it's such a nuanced thing that, man, I know I offended.
half the room.
Yeah.
No, it's relevant.
There's going to be a lot of keyboard warriors.
It is relevant.
I think it's relevant to the conversation because we got to unpack this messy in the middle and stand on.
So it's like, where is the source of this prophetic word coming from?
So let's like lean into that.
OK.
So, you know, my perspective is that gifts can be and should be developed.
The gift is pure.
the filter is not, right?
So God gives the gift, I'm the filter and I need to develop heal and kind of clarify my perspectives in order to make sure that I'm not saying God said when it's really my mind said or my emotions said or my opinion of you said.
So I think there's a place for
And I, you know, where where I really agree is we have to be very careful in these spaces not to make it seem like everyone occupies the office of profit.
Now, anyone who is a believer, a spirit-filled believer can prophesy, which is moments in which the Holy Spirit gives a word in that moment, a word of knowledge that you just you couldn't have known that unless the Spirit told you.
And so there are moments that that happens.
They are unprompted.
You don't have to pay for it or give a seat offering for it.
Come on.
The Lord will do it and deliver that message.
And you are just a vessel.
Though the office of profit is very different.
And so I believe that there are situations where we can learn in these spaces to heal, to say, OK, now,
What is the sort you mentioned this?
What is the source of that into discerned?
Did I just use Brentford?
Did I give Brent a prophecy about something based upon where I am in my life?
So let's say I want financial blessings, you know, because I'm broke.
Y'all didn't know it or something.
And I see Brent, the Lord is saying that increase is coming.
Well,
Did the Lord say that or am I speaking from my own personal experience is my own desires?
And so I do think that being around experienced, mature believers who occupy the office and have a mature gift of prophecy can be helpful to especially young inexperienced believers to be able to discern.
You know, I noticed that you said this or did this.
Why do you know?
What did you hear?
What were your sensing?
And that can help you through these moments to recognize that I just, I think I made that up and you can do it in a safe space.
So I think there are spaces where we do need to develop our gifts.
And more so when I say develop the gift, the gift is pure.
Again, the gift is pure.
The filter is what you're trying to develop and make sure that you
are in the word.
Because if you say something that contradicts the word, that is not God.
I don't care how you twist it.
I don't care.
Like if you have all the right intonations, you are doing everything you're supposed to do.
If it contradicts the word, that's not prophecy.
And so those are easy things that when you're dealing with someone who is young in the faith or zealous, you know, and they want to give a word
And they say something out of line, being the right community where you're like, actually, the Lord said, that's not right.
We don't do that.
And so let's talk about where did that come from?
So that would be just my... Yeah, no, I agree with that.
I think that's where the, yeah, you could have training that's about those guidelines.
Like I had somebody give me a prophetic word one time that I felt was spot on, but then they tried to explain it.
And I was like, stop talking.
because your interpretation of the word you just gave is wrong.
Because I know what I'm going through, and I know how what you just said applies to what I'm going through.
But now you kept talking, and you went beyond what God had told you, and now you're trying to think through, okay, how does this make sense?
And let me tell him how it makes sense, and it, no, you're wrong.
And so it's one of those trainings, those teaching classes,
could absolutely give some boundaries and guidelines for it.
So, yeah, I agree with that 100 percent.
I'll say I don't want to hear.
I would be carefully go for it.
You can offend people.
I don't I don't want to hear from a profit that I don't want to hear from a profit that does not know the Bible.
Like if it just seems like you're just giving these random words, God bless, whatever.
But if it just does not seem that you could even support it with some scriptural precedent.
So even in your explanation, to your point, how you explained it, if someone is explaining it to me and there is no scriptural precedent for it, there's no reference for it, you just, because, you know,
Even when it comes to Ramah words, which, you know, Ramah is a word in season at a time that the Holy Spirit gives you, it applies to scripture and it can use something that you've studied, something that someone is saying, but it's still scripture based.
A Ramah word, which is an on time word where God is explaining something to you, still is based in scripture.
And though it may,
illuminate something differently in the scripture is still a word from scripture.
So if you come in and send us said the Lord, the word confirms the word interpretation is confirmed in the word prophetic words in scripture were came to pass and we see it in words.
So it's hard for me to without some scripture like so that's that's kind of my guidelines.
When I'm if I'm someone saying something, I'm asking the Holy Spirit to give me
like some type of framework.
Outside of that, I put it on the shelf, and if it's true, it will come to pass.
If it's from God, it will come to pass.
If it's not, it's gonna fall.
And that's how I, we're all on a tangent, I think, but I don't want to keep us going down that path.
I don't think it's a tangent because even in your message yesterday, you were kind of saying the whole premise was waiting between those that what God said and where you are now.
And so I don't want people to be waiting on words that are not really from the word.
And then you're just, you're frustrated and you're not even in alignment with God and what he's trying to do in your life in general.
So I just kind of wanted to unpack that so that people are not being misled.
I appreciate that.
I just didn't want to.
go too far down personally because this is something that I could get passionate about and get on the soapbox.
So yeah, that's where I am.
I think I've seen the too much of the damage of false prophecy.
Yeah.
That that's where I have maybe a jaded kind of opinion.
You know, just just seeing people, you know, they got a prophetic word from a random person in the church that said, you're going to be married by the end of the year.
And it's like December 31st.
And they're looking at God like, yeah, what happened?
Yeah.
And it's
You know, I think God is in that moment being like, well, I never said that.
Yeah.
And I want to give a shout out because we have a DC group that kind of deals in this parameters and and it's really have to.
And so led by King Louis and Rachel.
And so they they help people understand and have biblical precedent for prophecy.
And if you believe you you operate in that gift,
they're that kind of nurturing environment to help discern through that.
So again, I do believe that you develop, we develop in a gift no differently than I'm called to be a pastor.
But there are, I'll say, people skills that I still need to grow in, right?
So yes, God called me as a pastor.
But if I'm just walking around and I don't know how to communicate to people, I don't build compassion, build love, build the ability to, if I don't know how to be with people during funerals or do weddings, I'm not growing in that gift there, right?
And so I think you can apply that to each leadership gift we have in the church when we look at Ephesians.
There are ways in which the gift is given, the vessel is polished, the vessel in which
is the gift is in, is developed.
And so I just want to make sure that like, for instance, I just shout out our, we do have these frameworks in these places where people can say, well, I'm kind of dealing with this.
I want to know, okay, we have that, that type of group and like Brent, you know, I'm, it's a soapbox for me when people are handing out prophecies and it just has nothing to do with nothing and people are walking away wounded.
and mad at God because you said this.
And so lastly, my last point around this is that my viewpoint is based upon scripture is that a word is confirmed by witnesses, two or three people.
So if I get a word, the way I operate is your word should actually be something that's confirming.
I should already
The Holy Spirit should already have that thing percolating in me.
It shouldn't be brand new, though maybe your perspective and maybe you give more depth to it.
But if you tell me I'm gonna be a millionaire, and I know that I haven't been managed my money, I'm broke.
You know what I'm saying?
My credit bad and all this kind of stuff.
I don't know.
I'm gonna put that on the shelf.
But if you say the Lord says you are going to own real estate,
and I've been taking a real estate class and I've been just, okay, thank you, Lord, you're confirmed.
Like I've been steadily hearing for myself because the same spirit should be speaking to you and speaking to me.
So that's one of the ways that I wanna just help people understand that when it comes to prophecy and we see that in Luke, what they were waiting on, the constellation of Israel, they were waiting on what had already been said.
So their waiting was based upon
a word and there was witnesses and there was agreement and then the promise came to pass but it was based upon something that was already said and confirmed and there were in the mouths of two or three witnesses that word was confirmed.
So I just tell people, hey, you get a word, it should resonate with you and there should be witnesses and some type of way to confirm that word.
Yeah, I was even wondering and maybe
I don't want to say, maybe this is a stretch and you guys could like unpack this with me.
But is there, like I'm thinking about, you talked about Zachariah.
Is Zachariah, so it was in this passage and how he- Simeon or Simeon.
Simeon, sorry.
I mentioned Zachariah.
Yeah, sorry.
You're talking about Simeon.
Simeon, okay.
And he was the prophetic word he was waiting for was the comforter.
Is that the word as the syphilis like we should be waiting for or are there specific words?
I guess for those who've never received a prophetic word, what are they waiting for?
What's the middle for them?
You get what I'm saying?
We might have people that are new to the faith.
They're like, have I ever received a prophetic word?
Is there something that God?
So what is the word from this passage that we can say could be applicable to us if we've never received a prophetic word?
So I'm going to answer your question.
I'm not trying to be a jerk or anything.
No.
in the instance in which you stated the prophetic word that someone's new and things like that they should be looking for is the written word.
That's the prophet.
That's the word you should be looking for.
Before you get into the deeper things, the first word you should be looking for on a daily basis is what has God already said.
In his word.
And so you will find revelation there for you.
And I mentioned a Ramah word.
when the Holy Spirit, as you're reading and you're being diligent there, he will give you, okay, this is where you're at.
That's where I would start for someone that is new and waiting.
That's where I would start.
That's kind of where I am.
Yeah, 100%.
I agree.
And I think that there's maybe an issue with somebody that is waiting for a prophetic word that's like, I need to get a prophetic word to know that God cares about me, that God loves me.
Like that's just a false premise.
Like you can actually live your entire life and never receive a prophetic word.
And it makes no difference in your salvation or your faith in Christ or where you're gonna spend eternity.
So like the goal of the Christian life is not prophecy.
The goal of the Christian life is Christ.
And I would add to that is you can get a prophetic word that does not seem like it's a prophetic word.
Sure.
And so a lot of times in our culture, we're used to it looking a certain way.
And so it needs to come from someone who's on the mic.
And the Lord says, we're looking for all of that.
And that prophetic word could come from a mentor or someone who's discipling you and saying, this is what I see in you, but you're going to have to do X, Y, and Z.
And if you do X, Y, and Z, this can happen.
That could be a prophetic word.
And so I think someone who's
looking for a prophetic word can go astray by looking for a certain experience.
And and so if someone's looking for that experience, it may never happen.
So if Kramer comes, he may never come to you if you're sitting in the last seat in the last row and in the corner and you're like, Lord, if you I'm going to buy this house unless you send Kramer over here to tell me not to.
Well, that's that's dangerous.
That's dangerous because you're looking for an experience.
What the reason why I started in the written word is because it contains so many things that can apply to life without that experience.
It can contain.
It has everything that we need and what we start for.
And a lot of people don't have that foundation.
So in today's culture, we have a lot of people going live on TikTok.
Yeah.
And the Lord is saying, and the Lord is saying, and the Lord is saying.
I mean, this is a whole thing.
Like, I, you know, working with millennials and Gen Z. Oh.
And I get it.
You think I could get a word from, uh, we had, you know, Shana Christie here.
If I come sit by you, you think he'll say, I'm like, what is happening?
Like it's this itchy ear generation.
Yeah.
And so when you start.
They hear where it's prophetic.
It's not a new thing, though.
Staka's made it more obvious.
Yeah.
You go back 50 years and you had people in the same place.
I think it happens.
I don't want to.
I'm not.
We have profits.
Yeah, we believe in profits.
Yes.
Yeah.
It's just it's not.
I think the danger that I see right now is in people getting obsessed with the gift instead of the giver of the gift.
Um, and it, it's almost like they're downplaying the relationship with God because they're just, they're obsessed with chasing an experience at a spiritual emotional high.
Um, and then everybody wants to give that prophetic word on TikTok that blows up.
And now you got, you know, 50,000 views and you're like, look at my prophetic word getting some traction.
And it's like, yeah, it's just a weird mess of a place.
Uh, I'll just add like the funny thing.
I say this genuinely all the time.
Like when we have people that are known to operate in the prophetic, I don't want them to give me a prophetic word.
Because from my personal experience and from scripture, God gave the people of Israel prophetic words when they're going into bondage, when they're going into slavery, when they're going into like horrible, horrible experiences and he's given them some hope, something to hang on to like life is about to suck.
I agree, but I'm still with you.
So let me give you this word so you can hold on to it through the suck.
And I'm like, man, when they come and they give me a prophetic word, all I'm thinking is, oh, man, what now?
What's going to happen next?
Like I'm going to wake up tomorrow morning and my bank account is going to be at zero because I got somebody hacked my stuff or like, what's going to happen next?
I agree.
Listen.
I have some very prophetic friends, okay?
So I don't mind every once in a while say you got a word, you know, full disclosure, but that's, I do have the privilege of being in a tight knit community where those gifts operate.
You know, I think we lose sight of the point and the reason for prophetic words.
Biblicly, first of all, we look at prophetic gifts and as part of the five fold,
it's actually to help us to do the work of the ministry.
So most scientists are looking for prophetic words for personal gain and personal reasons, not to be empowered to do the work of the ministry.
That gift, the prophet is supposed to help build us up in the church so that we then become the hands and feet of Jesus doing work.
I don't see a lot of that in terms of the tick-tock prophecy.
I see a lot of you're about to get new real estate.
You're about to get such and such.
I would love for someone to say, you're going to get new real estate, take 100% of your profits and begin to sow and to build churches in Iran.
I never hear that last part.
Right.
Yeah.
I never hear that last part.
The real estate is to do something within the body.
Never hear that.
And so again, I'm in community with profits, love it.
I have gleaned from them state.
But what I'm afraid of is that.
we forget the reason why the prophet is here.
And more so, when you look at what Paul's saying, prophecy is really for those individuals.
He was comparing it to speaking in tongues and prophesying.
It's actually for the unbeliever to point back to Jesus, to point back to like he is the Messiah, he is Christ to bring them in closer to God, not just to empower them to get something that they want.
to tell them when they're gonna get married.
It always points back to Christ.
It always points back to building, him building his church and us being a part of it.
So that's again, soapbox here because, but that's where I am as a pastor is that when I see sheep being led astray by these false voices that ultimately are so self-serving, they're just wolves, wolves in sheep clothing trying to come in and give
these prophetic words.
I just get scared like, Lord, please just shut TikTok down.
Just look, let somebody take it.
But anyway, I love to let somebody take it.
And that the whole TikTok prophecy thing, it's so easy like to pull off.
Like you just get on there and be like, you know, God's saying that you're the business venture that you're about to embark on is going to lead to prosperity.
OK.
So that message just went out to like 50 million people.
Uh, at least one of them is about to have a business venture that's going to blow up.
Like it's like that prophetic word and it applies to somebody.
Yeah.
Was that prophetic?
No, it's just common sense.
Like, but man, the vagueness of some of them prophetic words.
Uh, but yeah, there's been so many.
It's, it's kind of a mess.
And I think that's where my jadedness comes from.
I see that.
Yeah, we got it.
We got to, you know, we got to have a little counseling time with you.
It's the kind of, I know.
And I was thinking about that this morning, like one of my questions about me needing counseling.
We're all thinking it all the time.
We're all like, yeah, I need to talk to someone.
I was, I was just thinking about, because that is the top of the, you know, even talking about anime and a profit is, um, I was just thinking like, how is this,
relevant to us as disciples now.
Like we, you know, it was mentioning Luke, he's unpacking prophetic words and all of this for a reason.
Like, how is that relevant to us now?
Even mentioning the fact that Anna was a prophetess.
I'm like, man, I think this is the first time I actually read someone being called a prophetess.
So how do you even get that title in those days?
And I think you said that God wasn't speaking.
And I'm like, where did he?
Where do you get that from?
Because I was trying to find it.
You know what?
That's a great question.
I actually like when Brent answers it.
Well, you addressed it in one of your sermons, but I like Brent's context.
He's our local theologian.
So God not speaking, it's 400 years of silence is what the Jewish people even call it.
So basically the end of Malachi.
So Malachi is the last prophet to be written.
Um, and there's this 400 year gap.
Uh, and so they call it the 400 years of silence.
And then Jesus is a prophesied.
Uh, and so it's, it's one of those interesting things that, uh, we don't know fully how she got the title, prophetess, what that really described.
Like there's no explanation.
Um, so how do you get that title in the Bible?
Uh, the Bible author gives it to you.
He just writes it in cause the Holy spirit told him to.
Um, no.
So, so, and I have, uh, there is a nuance that I've heard some people argue that, um, that that 400 years of silence was not necessarily God's complete silence that he was still speaking to individuals, but it was just not global.
Like it wasn't to the level of scripture.
Yeah.
So like Malachi is written, it's recorded for all of Israel.
It doesn't necessarily mean that, that God didn't talk to anybody.
for 400 years, but just not in a way that is recorded for us in scripture.
And I don't even know how accurate that is.
It's just, it's the nuanced position.
So it's very possible that there were other people that were hearing from God in specific places where it wasn't for the nation, but it was like for our family or for this thing happening.
But that 400 years of silence is broken before Jesus goes to the temple to be dedicated, right?
an angel comes to Zechariah before Jesus is born.
And so God has already begun speaking again.
And that's actually one of the things that amazes the people when all of a sudden they're like, okay, Zechariah says he's been visited by an angel, but he can't even speak.
He has to write it down for us.
This Mary woman just came in and Elizabeth just freaked out and said all kinds of things about how her Lord has come to visit her.
And it's like, where is this coming from?
Mary sings a song, Elizabeth has a prophetic word, Zachariah has this big moment.
And it's just all the people are like, oh, like the God who's been quiet for 400 years is moving again.
What does this mean?
And so like they're contemplating all of that because they're going back to, okay, what did he tell us before?
He said that he was gonna come save us.
He was sending a Messiah.
Okay, we're under Roman occupation.
Like what's gonna happen next?
How are we gonna overthrow these Romans?
I'm sure people were like sharpening their swords like, all right, it's about to go down.
Let's get ready.
But there.
Yeah.
So there was a lot of, I don't know, in that moment, it was like God showed up again.
And it was a wow moment for them.
Wow.
Hey, that's why I like when he answers it.
Yeah.
He he walks us from Malachi up into Luke.
We just jump over Matthew.
I mean, but it's it's how we're working.
But yeah, no.
So the answer to the direct question, like, how do you get the title of prophetess in the Bible?
It doesn't tell us.
OK.
I don't know.
By definition, there are times when that person is a prophet.
In Anna's case, prophetess also could mean you were the wife of a prophet.
So we don't know which one it was.
I don't know if her husband, we don't know if her husband was the prophet, or if she truly had a prophetic gift.
I would suspect she was a prophet, but that's just me reading into the text.
I don't know.
And she was a widow, so that's why she was hanging out in the temple.
Um, because like part of the, the mosaic law was to care for widows.
Um, and so like she was probably there.
Keeping the grounds clean, sweeping the floors, uh, doing some, some tasks, uh, so that she could get food.
Yeah.
Essentially.
So she was, she spent, uh, I think the passage even says she spent all day, all night, uh, in the temple.
Like she was just, she was chilling there, which brings us back to the, the rabbinia.
This is like everybody ended up at the temple for a different reason.
Yeah.
Like Mary and Joseph are there to fulfill the law.
Uh, Simeon is there because the Holy Spirit told him to go there.
Um, uh, Anna is there because this is where she is every day.
Right.
Like it's just, she's just made her her spot.
And then, and all three of them, it's like they walk into the room at the same time.
And like the temple is a big place.
Right.
Like it wasn't like it was like this room where it's like, Oh yeah, all of us are here at the same time.
There's a lot of people moving about.
especially during feast and things like that.
It can be several thousands, tens of thousands of people in the same space.
So the fact that they found each other, overheard each other, all of that is it's a lot.
Providence of God.
Providence now?
The sovereignty.
The Providence?
Is that what she went across?
Let's stay with sovereignty.
She loves it.
It's the sovereignty.
Oh, God, we're being there all of those years.
She was at the right place at the right time because it was guy sovereign to God's orchestrating.
He's he's not reacting.
He's orchestrated.
He already knew what was going to happen.
Yeah.
And and something that you mentioned like so with all of these prophetic words that are given in this opening of Luke, because we were from Luke one to two, we're getting a ton of prophecy like the you were asking.
So what's how does that apply today?
What's the point of that for us today?
It's to give us this confidence that God's keeping his word.
Like it's showing us that like God declared something.
Here's where it's written.
Here's where it's declared.
Here's where it's coming to pass.
And some of the prophetic words that were given in the Old Testament are being fulfilled here at the beginning of Luke.
Some of the prophetic word being given here in the beginning of Luke are going to be fulfilled in Luke 23 and 24.
when you actually have the crucifixion and the resurrection.
So this prophecy, it's being recorded so that we can see God is faithful, God does what he says, that this wasn't happen, happenstance, this wasn't by chance.
Jesus' fulfillment of all of the messianic prophecies.
There's a mathematical study that was done by a guy to try and determine, we have this in our foundations class.
So if you haven't done the foundations class, you should surely do it.
But he ran the numbers for like what are the odds of one person fulfilling?
And he starts with something small.
He's like eight of the prophetic words given about the Messiah.
And it was like astronomical.
And from there, it just gets more ridiculous to the point where like it's a it's a word for a number that like it takes you like 30 seconds to say the word because it's like so long like the number of zeros after this.
I think it's described as
you would have to cover the state of Texas with quarters, like an inch high or something like that, and put an X on one of those quarters.
And the odds of one person fulfilling all the prophecies would be the same odds of just a random person walking through Texas, bending out and picking up a random quarter and it being the one with the X on it.
It is mathematically impossible for any one person to randomly or accidentally fulfill these prophecies.
So they're recorded for us in scriptures show us Jesus is the guy.
Man, that was so good.
Good job.
So lay that out for us.
This is why he's the guy.
He's the one.
He's the one that we've been waiting for.
Fall down, people.
Oh, too much.
That's Jesus.
Too much, sorry.
I'm the guy that reads too much.
God, he said it, not me.
That's the share.
Who knows my heart?
No, I think that's really good and very relevant to just where we are, even as disciples.
You even talked about devotion.
And I like how you unpacked how their obedience, so Simeon, Mary, Joseph,
Thank you.
Your stomach is just doing some weird things now.
Sorry.
We're from hammering to.
What if they didn't even hear it?
That's going to be more awkward, right?
Now they want to actually think she's grumbling over here.
Go ahead.
I'm sorry.
Say he.
I'm not talking.
Yeah.
I promise the content is so good.
Man.
OK. Just accentuated by the construction happening.
Goodness.
This is I'm telling you this is.
a trick anyway.
So.
Every time she is ready to talk.
We have the jackhammer in the back.
I really hope that you can't hear anything on the actual podcast.
So everybody just thinks we're being weird.
I hope that is the case as well.
Albo father.
So.
Okay, really quickly.
All three of them being in the same place at the same time at the right moment was because of their obedience and devotion to God.
So like, how is that an encouragement to us?
One, to keep in mind that our part is actually to obey what he has said because he will do the part that we can't do.
Do what we can do.
And you don't have to try to force pass that.
If you do what we can do, which is what he told us to do, he would do everything else, what we cannot do.
And he will navigate the parts.
He'll make sure the right people are in the right places, the right doors open.
And along the way, when you get more instructions, just continue to do what you're told to do.
Say that last one.
When you get more instructions.
just continue to do what you're told to do.
So it doesn't mean that what you were told first is the last thing you do or the only thing you do.
Those instructions can update.
Yeah, that's a lot.
And so we just continue to be obedient and submissive to whatever we're told.
So the lesson is God's operating on everything else.
We operate on what we can do.
I'm just going to ignore it.
such a professional podcast we have going on right now.
I love it.
We tried to avoid it, but it's fine.
Did I miss?
I mean, well, I didn't miss.
I was told it was going to be okay.
Anyway, I'm going to throw out one more question to kind of tie in the end because I don't know how much longer we can sustain ourselves.
I wanted to talk about Jesus being in the temple.
But before kind of walk us there, because in my mind, it kind of jumps there.
And I'm like, I know they weren't in the temple from like that cycle.
No.
That time to like 12.
And so kind of like, I don't know, maybe you could do a good job at bringing us to how he got to the temple and what that moment was about.
Yeah.
Well, 12 years past, right?
So life happened.
So they left the temple.
They left the temple.
The beginning, OK. Yeah, they left the temple.
And so they actually went back to Nazareth.
Miss in verse 38, 39, there is, you know, some scholars agree, some disagree, but I believe that there was a time when they left to go to Egypt.
So that's that we see that in Matthew, right?
So within the 12 years, other stuff was happening.
It's you just see it in the other gospels.
OK.
So they went to Egypt, came back.
So there was a lot of movement.
It's just that that Luke.
makes that jump of 12 years to win.
But that is the first time we actually hear Jesus speak.
OK. Yeah.
We call it the harmonizing of the gospels.
Like there are details.
And it's funny because some people use it as like this is a contradiction for us.
It's like this actually authenticates these these gospels because there are details in one gospel that are not included in another gospel.
But when you overlay them
it gives you a fuller picture.
And so it's actually, for me, it's more validity to the authenticity of the Gospels.
But yeah, so there's this harmonizing that happens of where do they go straight from Bethlehem back to Nazareth?
Did they go to Egypt?
Did they go to Jerusalem?
And there's all this journeying that's happening in that time span.
The most important part to know is that life was happening.
The details that we don't have,
Obviously God said, they're not that important for you to know every single solitary detail.
And so our faith just said, we rest in the fact that we know what we know and whatever we don't know, we don't know.
And it's okay.
Yeah, I think I mentioned this maybe in the last podcast, but like Luke is the only one that gives us any details of Jesus's life.
Like the other Gospels will give us his birth narrative and then skip straight to 30 years old in ministry.
Lucy only one that gives us anything in that in-between space.
And the scholars will say it's because one of the people he interviewed was Mary.
Okay.
And so he actually sat with Mary and she's like, oh, let me tell you about this time.
We lost him at the temple.
But at one time, I thought he was a Joseph.
Joseph thought he was with me.
Turns out Jesus in the temple.
It was crazy.
You guys are funny.
What type of story was that?
I know you talked about the different stories.
descriptive, I think it was like different.
You mean so prescriptive or descriptive?
Right.
What type of story was Jesus being in the temple?
What type of story was that?
So I don't know that you can just say type of story.
I think they're even within the same story.
There can be descriptive elements and prescriptive elements.
So I think that it's both descriptive of telling you what Jesus was doing.
The prescriptive part was he was being obedient to the scripture.
So he was doing what he's supposed to do.
And it's one of those, and I think you highlighted this.
One of the things that I love is that there's never a moment that you can point at Jesus' life and say he didn't do what he was supposed to do.
He didn't complete the law.
If his parents hadn't had him circumcised, which is outside of Jesus' control, it would have meant that Jesus was outside of the law.
But because his parents were obedient, we can look at Jesus' life from start to finish and say he completed the law, he fulfilled it all.
So I think that does point to help us as believers know that Jesus, if God says Jesus was the unblemished lamb, he's complete everything we need is in him.
He can tell us that in confidence down to the detail of his circumcision.
So we can start from his birth that he completely has done everything to not only fulfill prophecy, fulfill law, but also fulfill the obligation of the penalty of sin to God.
He checked all the boxes.
And so we can start from circumcision up to dying on the cross and being resurrected.
And we can have confidence that Jesus is truly the perpetuation of our sins.
He's the righteous, best sacrifice that we can ever offer to get us right with God.
Yeah.
All right.
Really quick, nerd out.
What's one thing
that was left out of the message that you wish you had time to expound on just one.
And if you want to know more, you got to catch him on the streets because we may have noise.
Oh.
Simeon's name means to hear or to harken.
So the hearer of the spirit was name was his name meant to hear.
And we didn't I didn't even get to like.
how people's actual names.
And Anna, who was part of the tribe of Asher, meant to be happy.
And she was the one that was praising God.
Asher means happy.
So God's details are so intricate that you just can't even imagine what you thought about.
Last one, last one.
And this is really, we talked about this in our meeting.
Circumcision.
is before we had the implementation of medicine and modern technology and all of that.
At eight days old, a baby's body is at its peak for to be circumcised, eight days.
God said, be circumcised at eight days and the body physiologically for a baby.
The pain sensors are not developed, so the baby feels less pain.
Vitamin K, which is the healing factor of the body, it has its peak at eight days.
When you circumcise a baby at eight days, it heals faster than someone who gets circumcised at 21 days or a grown man.
It takes longer after eight days.
So even the detail of circumcision, again, we have modern medicine, all of that, the detail of circumcision, God just said, do it at eight days.
And it was, it's a reason in our bodies
to do it eight days.
God is so detailed.
OK, that's enough nerdy.
Now, that was really good.
Man, that was good.
Praise the Lord.
So ask him because I want to know what would you have?
What would you have put in it?
Oh, I know the answer to this question.
I already know.
Yeah.
So for me, it's the it's the there's two moments at the end of.
Luke chapter two, 52 is one of them.
But before that in like 48, 49, man, I got to pull it up to know exactly the verse.
But his like almost disdain for his parents.
And they're like, your father and I were so worried about you.
And he's like, didn't you know how to be in my father's house?
No, I did.
Like it was like it's such a it's a hilarious moment.
And like.
I don't really think that Jesus was being starchy or anything that, but it kind of reads that way.
You want you want him to go again?
Because that's how I would have been.
Like that's why it's really good that I'm not Jesus.
You need counseling.
You need a lot of stuff for my man.
But all I love is that like he's just looking at them and he's like, didn't didn't you know, like the angel come and told you like Zechariah told you.
Elizabeth told you like.
Here I am, this is where I'm supposed to be.
I'm teaching, I'm learning, I'm listening, I'm growing.
I'm supposed to be in my father's house, which what we see in that, and it bears out later on in scripture, is in my father's house means about my father's business.
My father sent me here for a reason, and I'm gonna do the thing that he sent me here to do.
And being in the temple and hanging out with these scholars and these Pharisees,
that's part of what I'm here to do.
And so like for me, man, the part of the takeaway of that is when you ask prescriptive or descriptive.
So it's descriptive telling us what Jesus did, but it's also prescriptive.
Like your purpose on this earth is to be about your father's business.
Like you're supposed to be doing the thing that God puts you here to do.
So for me, it's, it always goes back to purpose and calling and all of that.
So I love that.
And then I also love Luke 2.52.
If you've ever dedicated your child here at Disciples Church or a Christian Life Center, then you have heard me quote Luke 252.
It says that Jesus grew in wisdom and stature and in favor with both God and man.
I think that those four things, like if you just pray that over your kids, that's all you ever have to pray.
Pray that they would grow in wisdom.
Like we don't want no dumb kids.
Like we need wisdom, right?
No, we need wisdom to know right from wrong.
You know how much less you're going to have to discipline your kid if your kid already knows right from wrong?
Like if your kid already has the wisdom to say walking on ice upon when it's 55 degrees out.
That was our kids.
walking on the pond.
Don't you love it when security has to come to you and be like, hey, we had to yell at your son.
I know.
Thank you.
I appreciate that.
I was preaching and my son was walking on ice.
Right.
Your son and my son on melting ice.
And others.
Yeah.
55 degrees outside.
On melting ice.
So apparently I didn't pray for wisdom enough.
But no, you're praying for wisdom for your kids.
Like, man, if they don't have anything else, I want them to have wisdom.
to know right from wrong, to know what to do, what not to do.
To be able to say no to peer pressure and all that.
So man, pray wisdom over your kids constantly.
But he also grew in stature, which is basically just saying he grew up healthy and strong.
Like I want to pray that over my kids.
My daughter faces all kinds of medical issues and I'm constantly praying.
God, just like Luke 252, Jesus grew in stature.
I want Kelsey to grow in stature.
And then that favor piece.
I love talking about favor favors beautiful, but the favor of both God and man is to me is just like, okay, like favor with man is awesome because I need them to walk into a school and the principal take favor on them.
I need them to get pulled over by a cop and find favor with that cop.
Like I need them to have favor with all of the people in authority over their life that teachers would say, you know what?
give a second chance in this class, but there's something about you.
I know your heart.
I'm going to go ahead and give you a second chance.
I need my kids to walk in favor with people, but ultimately that favor with God, because when God shows up and shows favor, man, what do we always say?
Favor ain't fair, but sure it's fun.
I want all my kids to walk in the favor of the Lord.
And so Luke 252 is one of my favorite verses.
Fun fact, my parents had us quote that growing up.
Yeah.
And I do.
I feel that really impacted my life.
So it really does work.
Pray that prayer over your kids.
Hey man, look 252.
What was it?
Mr. Ringo did.
Thank you.
He did a lot of things.
I'm just saying y'all come at me.
Yes, I really do meant like he did some good things.
Right.
OK, anyway, this is not about moving on.
Yeah.
Let's land this plane.
What is a takeaway from this message that you want to leave people with?
Yeah, as we land the plane.
Yeah, God, God is God is not reacting to life, to history.
to who's in office, who's not to mistakes, he's not reacting.
He has considered all of those things and he is still in control.
And so even at our worst, he has got enough to correct the path.
He can make a crooked path straight.
He can cause all things to work together.
And so as we lean into that more and more, just know that our job is to keep coming back to him, keep bringing it back.
And if we stay resilient in that,
He'll work out the rest.
He would just keep our heart postured.
So he's not reacting.
He's orchestrating things.
It's good.
I like that.
For me, it's that obedience piece.
And I got this saying a lot of times when I'm reading the Bible, I ask, what if they didn't do what they were supposed to do?
What would have been different?
And I think of Simeon, and he gets the Holy Spirit tells him, hey, you're not going to die until you see the Messiah.
And then he tells him, go to the temple now.
Now is the time.
Like, what if Simeon was like, I got a headache.
Dang.
Oh, man.
Temple today, man, it's going to be so crowded.
It'll be so busy.
I ain't got time for that.
Like, what if he was just disobedient in that moment?
You could wait your entire life and miss the moment out of disobedience.
So for me, like the takeaway is if God says it, do it.
That's so good.
Man, I don't know.
I have a lot of takeaway.
I think what I'm, what's landing with me is that piece where he understood his purpose and knew his assignment, but he's still submitted to the process.
I think you said in your message, he went back with his parents, he just stayed in the temple and said, deuces, I never want to see you again.
He didn't start his ministry at 12, right?
Started at 30.
Right.
And so just that, that,
I guess you can say that middle ground of knowing that, you know, you understand your purpose, you understand where you are called to, but submitting to the process of that and not being goring weary or even walking in pride.
Cause man, if anybody could have walked in pride, it was Jesus like he was point blank period.
Um, but just really submitting to the process, growing and understanding all of that is working together for your good.
And so that would be my takeaway, um, for those who are watching, um, maybe in a season where you know, like, I know God gave me this whole vision.
I've, it's been confirmed.
I know what I'm supposed to be doing, but why am I here?
And it's, it's for a reason.
And so submit to that, that process.
So yeah, man.
Y'all, I hope y'all love us enough to tune back in next week.
It will not be the noise.
I don't even know if you heard the noise, but if you did, we apologize.
We, man, lean in.
And we tried so hard.
Like we got news yesterday that they're going to do the construction at 11, which is when we're usually recording.
And it's 10, 30.
And so we're like, all right, so we'll come in early to record so we don't get the construction.
And then he had my coffee yet.
I didn't have nothing.
Straight from the car here.
Praise the Lord.
We made it.
And it was it was such a good episode.
So it is really my prayer that you were able to hear what we were saying.
But just know, go back and watch that message.
It'll be impacted there.
And yeah, until next time, we love you and we will see you next week.
Peace.